Update 102-stored-procedures.md (#3047)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/116-aspnet-core/content/102-database-fundamentals/102-stored-procedures.md

> # Stored procedures
> 
> C# is a modern coding language that was developed by Microsoft that focuses on applying the coding style to C++ and making it so that way it's more condensed and simple. It's similar to Java by both being static, strong, and manifestive languages. Both use the System's prebuilt class to do certain features like printing output to the screen, etc.C#, like Java, also contains a garbage collection, which removes lower-level maintenance code from the programmer.
> 
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_stored_procedures.asp'>Stored Procedure Tutorial</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Stored Procedures

A stored procedure is a pre-compiled collection of SQL statements that can be executed on a database server. Stored procedures are typically used to perform specific tasks, such as retrieving data from a database, inserting or updating data, or performing complex calculations. They are stored on the database server and can be called or executed from a client application or other stored procedures. Stored procedures can improve database performance by reducing the amount of SQL code needed to be executed and allowing developers to reuse common pieces of code. They can also provide security by allowing database administrators to control which users have access to specific stored procedures.

<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_stored_procedures.asp'>Stored Procedure Tutorial</BadgeLink>
```
